Removed OpenTracing/Jaeger support (#832)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: documentation/modules/proc-configuring-kafka-bridge-tracing.adoc

To have end-to-end tracing, you must configure tracing in your HTTP clients.

> CAUTION: The OpenTracing project is now archived, so Strimzi has no support for OpenTracing.
> Please use the supported OpenTelemetry instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: Strimzi no longer supports OpenTracing.
If you were previously using OpenTracing with the `bridge.tracing=jaeger` option, we encourage you to transition to using OpenTelemetry instead.
```

.Example configuration to enable OpenTelemetry
[source,properties]
----
bridge.tracing=opentelemetry # <1>
----

> <1> The property for enabling OpenTelemetry is uncommented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The property for enabling OpenTelemetry is uncommented by removing the `#` at the beginning of the line.
```
